DrawablePresentation
=====================
 
DrawablePresentation is a collection of several small Android projects demonstrating some features of Android's `Drawable`s. It has been developed as a demonstrative application of the "Drawable overview" presentation (the original French name was "Tour d'horizon des Drawables") given on February 12, 2010 at the Android Developer Labs in Paris.

What's in DrawablePresentation?
===============================
                  
DrawableListing
---------------

[DrawableListing][] This project aims to show how useful Android's `Drawable`s are. It demonstrates how to create advanced `Drawables` mainly via XML. Some examples also include samples creating `Drawable` in the Java code.

FlattenHierarchy
----------------

[FlattenHierarchy][] `Drawable`s can be used to flatten the view hierachy of a layout. This sample is based on an application called "MetroMap Paris" and rewrites its splash screen using as few `View`s as possible.

RemoteDrawable
---------------

[RemoteDrawable][] This project explains how to create your own Drawable (class that inherits from the Android's `Drawable` class). The `RemoteDrawable` can be created via code only and displays a temporary `Drawable` (placeholder) while another one is being downloaded in the background. When the final `Drawable` is available, `RemoteDrawable` automatically notifies the `View` to redraw itself.

Software Requirements
=====================
 
DrawablePresentation piece of software have been compiled and tested with,
 
  Eclipse IDE 3.5
  Android SDK release 2.1
  Android Development Tools (ADT) 0.9.5
 
Go the [Android Developers website][] for complete installation instructions
 
Credits
=======
 
Copyright Cyril Mottier <cyril@cyrilmottier.com>

[Android Developers website]: http://d.android.com/sdk/installing.html
[DrawableListing]: http://github.com/cyrilmottier/DrawablePresentation/blob/master/DrawableListing
[FlattenHierarchy]: http://github.com/cyrilmottier/DrawablePresentation/blob/master/FlattenHierarchy
[RemoteDrawable]: http://github.com/cyrilmottier/DrawablePresentation/blob/master/RemoteDrawable